the 2011 mercedes-benz
if you've never experienced the c-class
Mercedes they're different than the
other cars in this category a lot of
reviews will not hit for not having the
horsepower numbers of some of the other
competitors in this genre but the truth
is Mercedes is just Mercedes it's a
different breed of cat and it's not just
the the marker on the front that tells
you hey I've arrived and I'm a big
success the car itself is fundamentally
different than anything else in this
category Mercedes Benz whether you know
or don't know has pretty much invented
every single safety advance that there
has ever been in the automobile industry
from beauty lock brakes to airbags
Seamon headlights anything that's fresh
and new and exciting you can bet that
mercedes-benz has invented it but as a
rule mercedes-benz has never patented
any safety advanced that they have never
engineered and the number of safety
advances that they
now Mercedes will patent a lot of their
other technology but they believe safety
should be something that is not
exclusive to their own brand everybody
should be safe in a car
and that's why every advance they've
ever come up with they allow it to come
to the marketplace freely so this has
all of those advances built into it from
crumple zones in the front to the rear
now almost all cars nowadays are made of
a hybrid sort of alloy of some sort
aluminium being a popular feature that
most cars were built with these days but
for Sadie's because of the crumple zones
front and rear want to make sure you're
absolutely as secure as you can possibly
be inside the car and that's why this
entire section right here is built in
the form of a cage and the cage is made
out of high carbon steel in fact
Mercedes uses more high carbon steel
than any other manufacturer in the world
it's been that way for many many years
and like a lot of things Mercedes they
do it better than anybody else come take
a look inside this particular car this
one is an option package 333 so it's a
Sport package with staggered 17-inch
alloy wheels sport interior a little bit
different look on the exterior
everything's monochromatic three-spoke
steering wheel and what-have-you it's
got the sport pedals which are brushed
aluminum with a little bit more a grabby
rubber inside there and then as we talk
about safety no better place to start
then right where the driver sits now
everybody knows that you can't buy a
modern car without having an airbag
right here and then also an airbag in
the side whether it's in the door or in
the chair mercedes takes out a couple of
steps further
they actually have if you read down here
there's another airbag down here it's
called the pelvis airbag there's one on
each side and so not only do you have a
airbag for your torso not only do you
have an airbag for that frontal
collision you also have one that can
protect your pelvis from breaking in a
very serious accident and so nothing
that you're going to look at has that
feature now this also has an air bag
underneath the dashboard and that's a
prevent injuries to your knees and so a
smaller car safety can be at a premium
if you're coming from a bigger car and
you're accustomed to hey when I'm
driving
the road I want to feel like I'm in a
tank and I'm completely impervious to
anything the this is as safe a vehicle
as there is sold in the United States it
has every imaginable safety advance that
there is that pedals in the front if
there is an accident actually collapse
and move upwards so that your feet don't
get trapped in there as your body moves
forward to avoid breaking your ankles as
well it has active head restraints so
that if you're struck from the rear the
headrest actually comes up a bit and
moves forward to perfect prevent your
head from snapping back back seat
spacious obviously there side curtain
airbags as well
and then a very spacious trunk although
similar in size to cars like the Lexus
IS or infinity zone g25 t37 series the
proportions are unique to Mercedes and
everything feels substantial
it feels like a big trunk it feels like
a big backseat it feels like a luxurious
front seat
your CD changer is right up here this
one also has heated seats set up for
your Bluetooth everything's done with
just the convenience of your hand so you
don't have to take your eyes off of the
road great stereo system glass moonroof
this also comes with Mercedes four year
50,000 mile bumper-to-bumper warranty
and there's a whole lot of warranty left
on this part it's absolutely perfect
there's nothing going on on the exterior
there's nothing going on
it's never been smoked in no dogs or
anything like that it's in superb
condition and it's right you and
Infiniti of Kirkland come take a look